readme.md, before:

In order to use Authorize.net payment solutions:

Go to http://www.authorize.net and setup a merchant account.
Once you have set up the account, go to your account settings and:
	setup MD5Hash
	get ApiLoginId & transaction keys
	set relayResponseUrl

Setup the following items in your config.groovy:
shoppingService.paymentProvider = 'authorizeDotNet'
shoppingService.authorizeDotNet.paymentUrl = 'https://test.authorize.net/gateway/transact.dll' //for testing
shoppingService.authorizeDotNet.apiLoginID = yourApiLoginId
shoppingService.authorizeDotNet.transactionKey = yourTransactionKey
shoppingService.authorizeDotNet.responseUrl = the url you set in your authorize.net merchant account
shoppingService.authroizeDotnet.md5Hash = yourTransactionKey

recommendations:
Use your fraud event filters as you see fit

In order to use 2Checkout payment solutions:

Go to 2checkout.com and setup a merchant account.

Setup the following items in your config.groovy:
shoppingService.paymentProvider = '2Checkout'
shoppingService.twoCheckout.sellerId = mySellerId
shoppingService.twoCheckout.publicKey = myPublicKey
shoppingService.twoCheckout.privateKey = myPrivateKey
shoppingService.twoCheckout.environment = 'sandbox' // for testing

Commit message:

added to readme.md and made paypal integration optional

readme.md, after:

We highly recommend Authorize.net for the default payment provider, but as it does require a startup fee as well as a monthly fee, we include 2Checkout as a free alternative.  Authorize.net includes a full suite of tools for helping manage customer's payments.  

Authorize.net's offerings that are not available for 2Checkout include (but are not limited to):
Full suite of Fraud Detection options
Voiding a payment 
Manual (keyed) payment by your staff
Full view of settled and unsettled transactions

In order to use Authorize.net payment solutions:

Go to http://www.authorize.net and setup a merchant account.
Once you have set up the account, go to your account settings and:
	setup MD5Hash
	get ApiLoginId & transaction keys
	set relayResponseUrl(IMPORTANT: this must be set to 'yoursite.com/shoppingCart/authorizePayment') *

Setup the following items in your config.groovy:
shoppingService.paymentProvider = 'authorizeDotNet'
shoppingService.authorizeDotNet.paymentUrl = 'https://test.authorize.net/gateway/transact.dll' //for testing
shoppingService.authorizeDotNet.apiLoginID = yourApiLoginId
shoppingService.authorizeDotNet.transactionKey = yourTransactionKey
shoppingService.authorizeDotNet.responseUrl = 'yoursite.com/shoppingCart/authorizePayment' *
shoppingService.authroizeDotnet.md5Hash = yourMD5Hash

* These must match and contain /shoppingCart/authorizePayment after your public web address.



In order to use 2Checkout payment solutions:

Go to 2checkout.com and setup a merchant account.

Setup the following items in your config.groovy:
shoppingService.paymentProvider = '2Checkout'
shoppingService.twoCheckout.sellerId = mySellerId
shoppingService.twoCheckout.publicKey = myPublicKey
shoppingService.twoCheckout.privateKey = myPrivateKey
shoppingService.twoCheckout.environment = 'sandbox' // for testing


Optional Fields
shoppingService.acceptPaypal = true
